c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.exe.config
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.exe
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.pdb
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.g.resources
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.exe
c:\users\jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.pdb
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\Balance_view.g.cs
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\Balance_view.baml
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\History.g.cs
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\History.baml
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\WithdrawPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jack\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ATM\ATM\obj\Debug\WithdrawPage.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.exe.config
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.exe
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.pdb
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.exe
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\bin\Debug\ATM.pdb
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\Balance_view.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\History.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\WithdrawPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\Balance_view.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\History.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\WithdrawPage.baml
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.g.resources
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\ATM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jinyue\Desktop\bank_atm-master\bank_atm-master\ATM\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.baml
